I am working on a *completely* serverside Minecraft mod for a server that I host for some friends. I would like to have some changes made to the mod. I have attached a folder called "ref-decompiled" which includes the entire minecraft codebase, decompiled for your convenience for referencing and understanding. 

The first change I would like is pretty simple, and is only really a data side thing. Can you make it so that all logs can be placed into a stone cutter, (which already handles planks) and make it so that the stone cutter will allow for the transformation of the logs into their "wood" variants, along with stripped log and stipped wood variants. Can you please do that for each log type? Would making a script to automate that be faster? 

Next, my friends and I think it would be neat if you could hear when other players craft using the crafting table. We have already implemented a custom sound before, with the introduction of the organ noteblock event. We used special sound handling for it, since we want the mod to be completely serverside, not depending on client registries, only depending on a client resource pack. I would like the crafting sound (which occurs when a player has crafted an item) to use a similar system. I would like for it to pick from a few audio files, and decide which one to use randomly. I would also like to have a translation for it in the translation file, so that if players have captions on it shows for them. Would something like that be possible? Please let me know where you intend to have the audio files for the crafting table stored, and I will put them there myself. 

Next, I would like for the piston push limit to be configurable with the dd config command. Can you make that work, and make the default set to whatever it usually is? 

I would also like dd config commands for whether or not endermen can pick up *all* blocks (a boolean, defaults to false), whether or not the implemented baby skeletons can spawn (a boolean, defaults to true) and, whether or not baby creepers can spawn (a new feature, that I would like implemented!)

For baby creepers, can you make it use the same kind of system used for the baby skeletons, but all of the sounds are pitched up, including the explosion sound, and when it explodes, instead of making the typical "explosion" particle effect, it makes a smoke/poof particle effect, and it's explosion radius is about 1/5 of what a normal creepers' is. 

Another thing I would like added is a dd config command, that works alongside a new feature, wherein when fishing, there is a one in (5000 by default, configurable through the dd config) the player will fish up a charged creeper. 

Finally, I would like to have a natural cobblestone mossing implemented. I want it to be where cobblestone slowly mosses at an incredibly slow rate. I want it to be based on random tick speed, but I also want the check freuency to be configurable by a dd config command as well. Make it's default whatever you think would be most reasonable. I want it to take a *seriously* long time, like, about five to ten in game days before moss starts to appear. I would also like it to be where the moss sort of favors spreading in areas where mossy cobble already is? Would something like that be possible? I would also like for this behavior to apply to stone bricks, but at a doubly slow rate. Can you also make it so that cobblestone placed underwater mosses faster? Thank you!

Please make all the necessary implementations, run any commands you need, and browse the entire filespace for further context. Please do everything you can to keep this entirely serverside. Thank you!