Thank you for all of your efforts with getting the creature to work! It's going fantastic. I have a few little changes I'd like. First, can you make the default min distance spawn to be 80 blocks, and the max to be 150? Secondly, can you make it so the on-screen vanish is only 15 ticks? Also, can you ensure that the sound the creature emits is coming from the creature himself? One thing that I have noticed is that the player can't really escape the sound. Like, I want it to be where if they are within the 50 block radius of the creature, if a sound has not already been played by him, then the sound will start playing at the origin of the creature. But, if the player walks outside of the 50 block radius, (this also means that I want the creature to spawn outside of the audio triggering radius (new spawning 80-150 blocks), so that the player has the chance to not encounter the creature or it's sound at all) then the sound will taper off. I know minecraft uses a "volume" system to achieve determination of where a sound can be heard. Can you take a look through the decompiled code and see if there is somewhere that dictates the volume so that we can calculate the configurable falloff point for the creature sound?

Secondly, I am noticing something with the on-screen vanish. Right now, it seems that the creature will vanish within a given amount of time of being onscreen, but really what I want is like, two separate vanish checks. One for on-screen, and one for directly looking at the creature. If the player looks at the creature directly at all, he will vanish instantly. But, if he just is on screen in the periferal vision of the player, he won't disappear until the given vanish time. Can you ensure something like that is implemented?

Lastly, I want to take the awesome cave tracing system we have implemented, and I want to use it for some further additions to the creature's behavior. I'll try and explain what I am thinking of the best I can. Basically, If a creature exists, and the player is within, say, 70 blocks of it (not enough to trigger the sound, but still enough for the following to happen) the game will run a pathfinding to the creature. If the player is facing the direction where the pathfinding is, then nothing will happen. Until the player looks away, in which case it will spawn a trail of copper nuggets. I want these copper nuggets to lead toward the creature, but not all the way. I want the nugget trail length to be configurable from 0 to 1, with 1 being led all the way to the creature, and 0 just basically a single nugget. It's crucial that before the nugget trail is placed, the game ensures that *no* players are looking at the planned nugget locations. I also want the hypothetical nugget trail to be updated with the player's movement until it is placed. In which case, I want the nugget trail to be marked off, so that it won't repeat for that creature's instance. I also want the nugget separation to be configurable. I think by default I want them to be separated by like, three blocks, so that they don't clump together too easily. Finally, I want there to be a chance for the nugget trail mechanic at all. Some creature's won't have them be an opportunity. But, I want there to be a 1/3 chance that the spawned creature will have the nugget trail mechanic. Can you make that happen? Thank you again!